how much are you worth I'm a billionaire
by
now how did you get here today flu this
morning flu in different on the jet fleu
in on a jet who is this guy my name is
Andrew tan Master four-time kickboxing
world champion multi-millionaire and all
around nice guy if you feel depressed G
you're going to spill my [ __ ] coffee
and you're ruining my tate speech piss
off he's a 10 but he watches Andrew Tate
then he is probably an
[Music]
11 please can I have
you
please G wait youone private jet [ __ ]
you think I'm
broke no you think I'm no I don't think
that I really don't how much do you make
never mind you ask why ask me broky
questions my bad I don't have a jet does
that mean I'm
broke sounds like it bro you are you
waiting in lines at the
airport broke me
I'm fat and I can't get a girlfriend
because I'm depressed I'm like no
pancake
lover you're depressed because you're
fat and you can't get a girlfriend do
you understand you wake up you go to the
fridge there's no milk ah can't have
Cheerios that's it I'm depressed if I
was you I'd be depressed Mr Producer you
make the best shows Mr
Producer you got all them hoes t t a
mogist stand come such a mist why am I
[ __ ] you ain't [ __ ]
so why are the women coming to me what
do you think of transgender people are
you transphobic do you consider yourself
that transfer what
afraid people with a huge following on
social media are influencing you in ways
you don't even know
yet I want to start by focusing on this
man rather I want to warn you against
him and scores of others who speak like
him think like him this is Andrew tap
what is that
Melody breathe
air imagine shooting a man with your
last bullet and he stands there
[Music]
unfaced so when you have a $5 million
Bugatti and you go to pick a chick up in
your 1979 L you're a [ __ ] G they took
all my cars G call took all my cars so
about 10 Bugatti look logo ha deot See
you at the next house
raid and I'm the fastest man in the
world about 10 Bugattis get on one Let's
Race I I'm the fastest man in the
world if you ever feel depressed look in
the mirror and say am I a [ __ ] the
answer is yes you are because if you're
not depressed you're just start doing
some [ __ ] foot
JS yeah
you saying my name trying to interupt
he's trying to fight you he a trying to
fight me he's trying to say hello to me
no it's not a fight I just want what the
[ __ ] he want sorry sorry sorry sorry I
thought men and women were equal there
was a crazy man at the door and not a
single woman stood up to fight I would
have fought I would have I would have I
would have you weren't doing [ __ ] I'm a
black
Bel Taw black
tawo ah Matt do you have my chocolate
yes I brought you chocolate good you
will give me my chocolate before you
come into my house
who although the king is slower than the
queen he's the most important piece
right the king can't die the queen can
die sometimes you can be looking at a
position and go this is [ __ ] up the
only way out of this is to sacrifice
that if I park one of my 17
supercars out outside a club right let's
say the lambo's outside and dudes are
trying to break in even though I know
the locks the alarm the immobilizer are
solid you you can't steal a Lambo dudes
are trying to break in and I see it am I
going to allow them to try no so if I
have a chick even though I know she
won't let them smash it's not jealousy
it's territorialism and no one's going
to be allowed to even try how am I
supposed to have a chick I truly love
and care about when every dude in the
world can just hit on her even if she
says no if you want to go to the club
you can go with me you want to go to Mal
Dives baby I'll take you to Mal Dives
where you want to go I take you all
around the world I'll take you anywhere
you need to go remember my name Tate I'm
going to live
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
forever so here's the rules for dating
vegetarians first things first don't be
a little [ __ ] I know you've never
thought of that before but seriously
it's an option so when she says I'm a
vegetarian you say okay cool that's cool
and she orders [ __ ] tofu with grass
what would you like I'd like a steak
please why are you ordering steak
because that's what I eat that's why I
always eat I Didn't Do It particularly
to offend you but it's what I eat I'm
not going to make you change your
choices for me so I don't think you
should make me change my choices for you
and she goes oh well I'm offended she oh
are you offended okay well I understand
that all right no problem I'll be back
in a second walk out the restaurant
never come back you have to wake up and
say I don't feel like training but I
must train you need to do what you're
supposed to do not what you feel like
[ __ ] doing that's the difference
between a man and a [ __ ] child she
like oh well we we've never tried
matriarchies we've only tried
patriarchies blah blah blah and I said
listen [ __ ]
they have been tried the problem is it's
very very difficult to survive under a
matriarchy it's not the natural gender
roles and the matriarchies that did
exist in humanity I'm sure they existed
the reason we don't discuss them is they
never even got a chance to create any
history CU they were [ __ ] decimated
by the patriarchies what are the odds of
every single Society since the dawn of
human time all across the planet being
run by men all of them this is not an
idea that could have spread you had the
Aztec and the ma deny they didn't
[ __ ] talk every single civilization
that we can ever possibly name or
discover men were in charge talk to us
about why you originally got banned off
of Twitter yeah I was getting on a plane
and I could see through the cockpit that
a female was a pilot and I took a
picture and I said most women I know
can't even park a car why is a woman
flying my plane and they banned me
people have their little bits of
happiness in the world so they have for
example a daughter and they have a dog
and they're like oh well you know
Tristan you [ __ ] got the millions of
dollars and all the beautiful women in
the fast cars and you're tall and you're
strong all the women want you but you
know I've got my daughter and my dog
money can't buy that [ __ ] I've
got a daughter and a dog too and got all
that
[Music]
[ __ ] I don't feel motivated I don't feel
feel feel feel feel feel leave the
feelings to the girls that's what they
do we act We're Men of action we get
things done so the world got built all
of it all the men who built the [ __ ]
skyscrapers felt scared they did it
anyway London is the most [ __ ] City [ __ ]
it go into this new casino Blackjack pow
pow pow I come out six grand pour my car
is not there so I go to the casino
management I say my car has been stolen
I need to see the CCTV from outside
front the casino eventually the manager
comes back down and goes yep the car was
stolen what happened was this when I
pressed the button to lock the car they
somehow picked up the code of the key
and a laptop and they replicated the key
code this is like [ __ ] Fast and the
Furious [ __ ] T what about burnout burn
what do you want to be rich or not
burnout you want to be rich or all you
work and you sleep you want money oh but
I might burn out burn out you're not
some [ __ ] Formula 1 car the police
stopped me the other day I was driving
210 mph in my friend he said why you
drive so fast I like bro I've been
driving supercars for 15 years years
I've never in my life even scraped or
crashed he goes oh yeah but the limit
the limits for the people who can't
drive the limits for the women by me of
course I drive this fast it's a Ferrari
and I've got world champion reflexes and
he laughed and we had a cigar and he let
me go don't like my videos don't watch
them yeah they're all over the Internet
because I'm a bad boy Andrew you need to
be more misogynistic this woman just
spilled my coffee
[ __ ] [ __ ] bring some paper towel
you're the [ __ ] P gu I'm a in the
Bugatti to have bulletproof glass and
hidden weapons so when you see me in the
Bugatti you have to know two things one
I'm stra you think I'm pressing the
window button no sir that's the Glock
button and two I got bulletproof glass
you're going to roll up on me they're
going to come and they be like oh [ __ ]
let's get in can't get I'm not just a
guy in Bugatti I'm Batman and Batman I
will spend as much money on that car as
possible I'm never selling it the thing
that makes a good man a man is that he
does what he doesn't want to do he
doesn't want to work and he works anyway
he doesn't want to go to war and he
fights anyway he doesn't want to get up
he gets up anyway that's the whole point
of it
how much this jacket cost got it for
free this is our M I don't
care I don't care watch is that that
about
$15,000 $42,000 watch with your
sunglasses okay bro you don't look fresh
at all bro give a [ __ ] I'm hanging out
with three dudes why would I give a [ __ ]
how big is it
if you do one more gay thing no no no
how big is your bank account that's how
big is your G bank account I know think
you're smart a I think you're smart do
you actually think you're smart a little
bit The Matrix is afraid Tristan they
fired their biggest weapon at us they
looked at us they have too much power
too much influence let's hit them with
the most powerful weapon we have let's
cancel them let's close all their
accounts let's make them banish let's
let's destroy their influence that's the
biggest bullet they have imagine
shooting a man with your last bullet and
he stands there
unfaced 1 2
3 you're telling me that I'm going to go
to jail then why am I going to hire you
failure I walked in there and said
listen I have committed multiple
felonies am I going to go to jail well
probably well then see you bye I will
why would I give you my money you're
useless I went into some other man that
was a female I went to a male a man's
office said I committed multiple
felonies there are things we can do we
could try this we could try that problem
I make one call you don't go to jail
there's no problem we send somebody else
to jail we send him he he the new Andrew
he shave his head and he go people that
you think you can trust all the people
around you will sell you out in the end
to save them [ __ ] s you need friends
around you which would never turn on you
even if the feds threaten them and that
is exceptionally difficult to find
Come Dance With Me Georgiana no I got
diamonds I'm rich Come dance with the
boss no no I mean I got the best
playlist on
Instagram
[Music]
okay for the last 3 years the evil
Elites were talking about the great
reset they were right it's coming but it
will not work in their favor the great
reset Begins the day I'm released from
[Music]
jail private jets are like Ubers I have
a number in my phone for a man in
Switzerland some rich guy never met him
don't even know his real name I send a
voice not to my guy bro I'm in Bucharest
and I need to get to Geneva he'll say to
me in 44 minutes sir and there'll be a
plane on a Runway my name on it pilot
fully fueled with donuts and champagne
and pepperoni pizza cuz is always what I
have in my private planes it's like an
Uber I don't know about you but me
personally all I ever want to do is get
rich I didn't give a [ __ ] if I got rich
breaking rocks or got rich being a
professional fighter I didn't care I
want money I was not passionate about
some business I was passionate about
money money only listen to me very
carefully cuz it's going to sound like
something stupid but this is actually
true your hands are controlled by your
brain if you can't stop [ __ ] drinking
jerking off watching porn and typing
porn hub into your little keyboard that
is nobody's fault but your just no such
thing as weak will your hands off the
controlled by your brain use your brain
and control your [ __ ] hands every
time I feel stressed or under pressure I
get excited I hate to not be stressed I
wake up and I'm like everything's [ __ ]
good it's how you look at the problems
and how you use them to fuel you what
you have to do is frame it inside of
your mind and understand that all of
those problems are going to give you the
fuel the unlimited motivation you need
to become a successful and beautiful
individual if you frame it in the right
way a man who's not dangerous a man who
has no physicality it will never be seen
as successful oh I'm successful I'm rich
and I yeah but I'll I'll break your neck
look how big my hand is I'm going to
grab you by your neck and choke you till
you die I'll show you a race riot [ __ ]
then what who's successful now I'm
breathing and you're not so I'm more
successful than you why would you train
or work hard if you don't have an ego if
you don't have an ego and you're not all
about me and what I am and who I am why
would you even care people without ego
with the lazy people oh I'm fat but I
don't care I don't have a nice car I
don't care I love myself way too much to
be broke what's crazy about this is how
could you go and sit in front of a
therapist and not cross your mind that
this therapist has a [ __ ] life
anyway all these therapists are getting
divorces and cheating on their [ __ ]
wives and are just as depressed as you
so why the [ __ ] do you think they know
anything if therapists understand
psychology so well why are they not
living these perfect ideal lives well
they're not because they don't know [ __ ]
when I said this to therapist ago we
don't claim to be perfect well if you
don't claim to be perfect then what you
know doesn't mean [ __ ] if you're telling
me that your own knowledge cannot be
applied to yourself to provide yourself
with the perfect life then you cannot
provide anyone else with a perfect life
therefore who gives a [ __ ] what you
think you're an idiot you could depress
me to the depth to Earth you could put
me in a Cell by myself solary for the
rest of my life you could kill every
family member I have you Tru my arms and
legs off I still won't kill myself cuz I
refuse cuz I have a job to do no matter
what happens to me I'm going to stay
[ __ ] man that is my name he you
talk about GTA Grand Theft Auto I find
it amazing that people will sit there
and spend all their time upgrading that
character making as much money as they
can getting strong meeting important
people getting the best car they'll do
all that in a game but they won't do it
in real life I find that incredible my
life is GT I don't need to play a game
they play the games because they're
scared of loss cuz if you die in the
game you get another chance in life you
get one shot so it was about 3:00 in the
morning and I went to the food car and I
sat down and there's these two big guys
ballheads like Mafia guys units and they
walk over to me and one of them sits
here so I'm now traed I can't move the
other one sits opposite me and I
realized I still have my Rolex on so the
guy sits opposite me and goes where are
you from I said uh I live in Romania uh
why you on my train said it's your train
why is it your train he goes oh this is
all mine start talking some [ __ ] all
right cool then he took my hand to shake
my hand he goes oh this is all mine did
it like this he took my hand and he went
and he looked at my watch and then
looked at me so I said to him are you
going to take my watch and he kind of
looked at me why you think you think I'm
a thief and I said no I've just been
around the world I understand how the
world works and he asked me then he said
what's your job I said I'm a fighter I'm
a kickboxer oh you're a Kickboxer for
who and I told him the organizations I
fought for ETC I definitely didn't scare
him he wasn't scared of me kickboxing
but I think he respected me and he said
okay have a nice time and he goes number
13 that was the carriage number me and
my brother were in so we already knew
what Carriage I was in had every other
car what else are we going to [ __ ]
buy we have every
other all right no what can't just buy
rolls no but you guys weren't serious
were you we have every car we don't have
rolls TR was right don't need to think
about it think about it this was the
fastest decision we've ever made to buy
a car seeing it and buying it was
literally 3 seconds 3 seconds of take
time is like 10 years of all these other
people like let me think about it that's
why they're all [ __ ] broke they're
too busy thinking most stupid people in
the world the smartest people in the
world ACT people in the middle are all
like I'm smart I read books a [ __ ]
loser keep reading your books I'm
dropping my roll [ __ ] it's disrespect
that will drive a man to the most
heinous of crimes it's disrespect that
starts the school shooter [ __ ] it's
disrespect that makes men go to jail for
life sentences when you truly disrespect
a man in a public permanent way that's
when they switch that's why I'm so
respectful in public disrespect is D I
think Tristan that you're playing a game
and I just think you're trying play a
few people here I think um the reason
that you've done nothing in the real
world is the same reason you're leaving
now you're really lazy you're
incompetent you can't handle a free
holiday which is why you're never going
to have a job you're never going to do
anything difficult and you're never
going to get anywhere get out of here
get out of here get rid
get let's imagine you're earning 100
Grand a year you're successful inside of
the Matrix you're a successful slave you
make 60 Grand a year let's imagine you
can live for free eat for free you walk
to work you never buy clothes let's
imagine you save 100% of your money 60
Grand each year I don't want to do the
math off the top of my head but my batti
was 5.2 what is that is that like 90
years it's a lifetime of saving that's a
lifetime of slave work without spending
a penny ever once to by the time you're
[ __ ] geriatric and can't function you
might be able to buy one of my 30 cars
if that does not tell you the Matrix
must be cracked and there's other ways
to make money then nothing [ __ ] Logan
is a man who will say anything he thinks
he is supposed to say so that the people
in charge of him don't take his YouTube
channel away cuz if he loses it he has
nothing else the [ __ ] that Andrew Tate
is saying will have a ripple effect much
more dangerous than you can imagine
because his narrative is truly hateful
his rhetoric has extreme negative energy
and it and it will affect impressionable
young people in a way that will not show
until years from now and it is dangerous
he doesn't believe what he's saying he's
bought and sold Matthew 7:24 to7
everyone who hears these words of mine
and does them will be like a wise man
who built his house on the rock and the
rain fell and the floods came and the
winds blew and beat on that house but it
did not fall because it had been founded
on the Rock and everyone who hears these
words of mine and does not do them will
be like the foolish man who built his
house on the sand and the rain fell and
the floods came and the wind blew and
beat against the house and it fell and a
great fall it was he should have killed
me when he had the chance cuz now I'm
back and I'm going to kill you and your
whole [ __ ] team you and them
[ __ ] is cheating morally correct yes
depends yes how you say how can you say
that are you joking a woman cheating on
you then absolutely not that's wrong no
because oh it's a around when she cheats
on you but you can cheat on her there
has not been in the history of humanity
across any culture any book any story
any Fable there has never been across
the history of humanity any respect put
on the name of a promiscuous female ever
ever you Nam the biggest conquerors that
you can possibly name from history genas
Khan Alexander the Great all of them
they all had 100 wives bunch of children
Big G conquer the world normal that is
normal evolutionary biology that's how
men are designed to be there's never
been a sing Le female has been
celebrated for a promiscuity ever in
history it's always been frowned upon
and disgusting